
-------------- KPI data service --------------

You can access the KPI files that are being accessed by the front end service (by data product) here: https://www.socib.es/users/protllan/cmems-instac-kpis/data/datasets/

KPI1. Delay of arrival: [date file appearance in the server] - [date latest measurement in the file]

     per platform category
     over a given period(last week, last month) and in a given resolution: hour
     subtype:
        1a: Histogram by week
        1b: Histogram by month
        1c: Average

KPI2: Number of platforms providing information.

    per platform categories, per parameter category, per production unit
    over a given period last week, last month, ever since available
    daily, monthly and yearly
        2a: per day
        2b: per parameter
        2c: per production unit

KPI3: Data quality flags

    percentage of quality flags
    per parameter category
    over a given period (last month, last year)
    with a certain granularity (daily, monthly)
        subtype
            3a: Over last month.
            3b: Over last year.

KPI5. Number of files(containing observations)

    per platform categories, per parameter category, per production unit.
    last 30 days, last five years, ever since availability.
    is being extended to consider: (daily, monthly, yearly, etc.).
        subtype:
            5a: in the production unit.
            5b: in the distribution unit.
            5c: in the distribution unit per parameter.


KPI6. Number of providers(number of providers contributing with observations)

     per platform categories, per parameter category, per production unit
     last 30 days, last 5 years, since ever.
        subtype:
            6a: Number of providers in the DU within per type during last month
            6b: Number of providers in the DU within a day per PU during the last five years
            6c: Number of providers in the DU within a day per parameter since ever
